Document Content and quality Document contains all required elements or their equivalent (scope, context diagram showing boundaries, symbolic constants (as appropriate), behaviour overview, required behaviour, rationale where necessary, nonfunctional requirements including performance requirements, normal operation, undesired event handling, requirements that are likely/unlikely to change, references, stakeholders identified, user characteristics); includes reflections. All elements are of high quality. Document Organization Identifies template; Follows template; if there are changes they are clearly documented. Document is written so that: 1. Terms and acronyms are always defined before first use and there is a list providing full expansion of all acronyms with links to where they are defined in the text. 2. Information is defined in only one place (i.e. no redundant information). 3. Each requirement has a unique identifier associated with it to facilitate traceability. 4. Figures and tables are clearly readable and of sufficient resolution. Formatting and style Document is well formatted with: 1. clear headings. 2. appropriate use of formatting (i.e., italics, captions etc.). 3. correct grammar and spelling. 4. fully hyperlinked references to facilitate document navigation. 5. document perfectly targeted at an appropriate audience of team engineers and other stakeholders and could be used to get new team members quickly up to speed. Provides pointers to key preferences where applicable; Professional quality document. Notations and Conventions All notations and terms are precisely defined. All figures have legends as needed and/or notation section clearly define all graphical notations used. For instance, the meaning of every arrow in a diagram is made clear. Conventiosn used in the document are described and followed consistently. What not How (Abstract) Requirements are a "black box" and are free from design decisions. If design decisions are externally imposed, they are documented as constraints, not requirements. The rational for constraints is given and makes sense in the context of the project. Complete, Correct and Unambiguous Requirements are complete and correct. Wording is clear and precise. All requirements are unambiguous and provide domain coverage (say what needs to be done for all possible inputs). The TA can brainstorm a handful of obvious requirements and find them all in the document. A sample requirement to look for is a nonfunctional requirement related to installability. Traceable Requirements Requirements numbered and/or labelled; bi-directional navigation through the document is easy. (That is, if A depends on B, then the documentation of both A and B will show the dependency information. For instance, if a nonfunctional safety requirement is satisfied by a functional requirement, the traceability information appears with both the functional and nonfunctional requirements.) A diagram or table is provided to show the traceability. Verifiable Requirements All requirements are clearly verifiable; that is, there is some way to measure/test that the requirement has been satisfied. The system shall be user friendly is not verifiable. The device will never break is not verifiable. Rationale Detailed rationale provided for all requirements that are not obvious. Focus on Users (Part of Enterprise Design Thinking) User characteristics are clearly documented; All stakeholders identified and documented; The requirements enable the users; The requirements show specific and differentiable value (compared to other available options). The thoughts, needs and feelings of the users were obviously taken into account when drafting the requirements Phase In Plan Priority requirements are identified. Clear and specific plan (timeline) for the order in which requirements will be phased in. Plan includes dates. Basis for Design Could give to someone outside of the team the document and they could design, build and test the system; likely changes are documented; Document identifies requirements that are unlikely to change and provides sound justification for the identification. Inputs and outputs are obvious. Issues Created for Another Team More than 5 high quality GitHub issues have been created critiquing the assigned teams SRS. High quality issues are not shallow issues, like typos or formatting issues. High quality issues cover the topics presented in this rubric.